{
  "date": "Unknown",
  "attendees": [
    "Laura Dolphin",
    "Michael Kianmahd",
    "Lyndon Elam"
  ],
  "summary": "Meeting focused on project timelines and coordination between teams, particularly regarding a pricing tool integration. Discussion centered around blockers with Kin team and the need for sandbox connection testing. The team also addressed communication protocols and visibility into timeline-related matters.",
  "key_topics": [
    "Pricing tool integration status",
    "Randall Riley API issues",
    "Team communication protocols",
    "GitHub updates",
    "Meeting schedule adjustments"
  ],
  "decisions": [
    "Timeline discussions should be moved from Slack to email for better visibility",
    "Lyndon should be copied on Kin team interactions regarding timelines",
    "Tomorrow's meeting time may be adjusted by 30 minutes pending confirmation"
  ],
  "action_items": [
    "Laura to update GitHub documentation for tomorrow's meeting",
    "Laura to raise pricing tool timeline concerns in tomorrow's call with Carlos and Martin",
    "Laura to coordinate new meeting time with Carlos, Martin, and Christian",
    "Laura to follow up on sandbox connection to pricing tool"
  ],
  "concerns": [
    "Potential delay in pricing tool integration testing",
    "Randall Riley API issues affecting credit team operations",
    "Timeline visibility across teams"
  ],
  "michael_priorities": [
    "GitHub documentation updates",
    "Notion dates being updated",
    "Time tracking updates"
  ],
  "commitments": [
    "Laura committed to having GitHub documentation ready by tomorrow",
    "Laura will update team if pricing tool integration becomes a serious blocker",
    "Lyndon committed to communicating with Kin team about timelines"
  ],
  "filename": "08-MK-LD.pdf",
  "metadata": {
    "number": "08",
    "attendees": [
      "Michael Kianmahd",
      "Laura Dolphin"
    ],
    "attendee_initials": [
      "MK",
      "LD"
    ],
    "filename": "08-MK-LD.pdf"
  }
}