# Credit Reports

*Source: Confluence | Page ID: 3416064004*
*Last Updated: 2025-07-22T14:34:44.830Z by Laura Dolphin*

---

<ac:structured-macro ac:name="toc" ac:schema-version="1" data-layout="default" ac:local-id="452ff042-bb2e-48ad-9d5e-213a89be553b" ac:macro-id="c43b4278-4e56-4334-ab18-ebc85175ad81"><ac:parameter ac:name="style">none</ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro><p /><h1>User Process/Triggers</h1><p>Refer <ac:link><ri:page ri:content-title="LeaseWorks Integration" ri:version-at-save="3" /><ac:link-body>LeaseWorks Integration Doc</ac:link-body></ac:link> as well </p><p>Contact Record&gt;</p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="591" ac:original-width="1171" ac:custom-width="true" ac:alt="image-20241022-134945.png" ac:width="760"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20241022-134945.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p>Checkboxes run processes that trigger the LaserCredit Apex which is managed as a package installed by and managed by LaserCredit</p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="847" ac:original-width="1538" ac:custom-width="true" ac:alt="image-20241022-135037.png" ac:width="760"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20241022-135037.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p /><h1>Permissions Needed</h1><p>Permissions needed  by User to run:<br /></p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="265" ac:original-width="588" ac:custom-width="true" ac:alt="image-20250130-162001.png" ac:width="588"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20250130-162001.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p /><h1>Field Definitions &amp; Usage</h1><p>Laser User Guide:</p><p><a href="https://lasercreditaccess.my.salesforce.com/sfc/p/U0000000HHjH/a/0e0000009Tj4/3UvHrK6dIf5B408TKJhcqTM5rhk_VNUud0Q3_DNAGC8">https://lasercreditaccess.my.salesforce.com/sfc/p/U0000000HHjH/a/0e0000009Tj4/3UvHrK6dIf5B408TKJhcqTM5rhk_VNUud0Q3_DNAGC8</a></p><p /><p>Account Object:</p><p /><table data-table-width="760" data-layout="default" ac:local-id="a4119d33-0a1d-49fc-82a3-34299cf04380"><tbody><tr><td><p>4506-T Email</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__X4506_T_Email__c</p></td><td><p>Email&nbsp; Should be deprecated, not in use.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Address Validation Result</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Address_Validation_Result__c</p></td><td><p>Formula (Text) This is to validate the address for the account; it can be used with Google address validation</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Address Validation Status</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Address_Validation_Status__c</p></td><td><p>Lookup(Address Validation Status)This is to validate the address for the account; it can be used with Google address validation</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Applicant Generation</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Applicant_Generation__c</p></td><td><p>Text(5)&nbsp;&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Bypass Address Validation</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Bypass_Address_Validation__c</p></td><td><p>Checkbox Same as above</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Bypass Duplicate Detection</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Bypass_Duplicate_Detection__c</p></td><td><p>Checkbox&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Co-Applicant Generation</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Co_Applicant_Generation__c</p></td><td><p>Text(5)This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Credit Report Owning User</p></td><td><p>LASERCA__Credit_Report_Owning_User__c</p></td><td><p>Text(255) This is used for mortgage only</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>&nbsp;with&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Contact Object:</p><p /><p>Pull Equifax Decision Power&nbsp;Decision Power is an old Equifax product that is not available anymore.</p><p>Address Validation Result&nbsp;Address validation is the same as above</p><p>Applicant ID,&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p><p>Applicant Generation&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p><p>Bypass Address Validation&nbsp;Same as above bypasses an address that is not validated</p><p>Bypass Duplicate Detection&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p><p>Co-Applicant DOB All Co-applicant fields&nbsp;are to run a merged credit report with a spouse</p><p>Credit Report Owning User&nbsp;This is used for mortgage only</p><p>File Number records the file number of the credit report</p><p>Home Address is only used if a separate home address is needed for running the credit reports.</p><p>Middle Initial Not necessary, it can be used in the credit request.</p><p>PIN No longer used for frozen credit reports</p><p>Pull Credit Report can use used to run the apex class to send the credit request to the bureau.</p><p>Request Credit Bureau&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p><p>Social Security Number the app field for the ssn, can use a custom field as well if they want.</p><p>Special Option&nbsp;This is unnecessary; a different credit provider uses it.</p><p>TIN Tax ID number if an ssn is not used.</p><p /><h1>Other important fields/notes</h1><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="482" ac:original-width="948" ac:custom-width="true" ac:alt="image-20250617-170824.png" ac:width="760"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20250617-170824.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p>These fields are used in the modeling process to assess their importance in forecasting the likelihood of a client failing to pay.&nbsp;In summary, they are part of the process used to develop the scorecard.</p><p>Conceptually, the fields are defined as follows:</p><p>Liability Current Adverse Count: Number of accounts that are currently delinquent or in bad status.</p><p>Liability Previous Adverse Count: Number of accounts that were previously delinquent or in bad status.</p><p /><h1>Integration &amp; Sandbox Information</h1><p>Credentials for LaserCredit integration for both Prod &amp; UAT are stored in this <a href="https://maximcc.lightning.force.com/lightning/n/LASERCA__Configuration_Page_New">Configuration Page </a></p><p>Username for prod is <a href="mailto:info@maximcc.com">info@maximcc.com</a> &amp; username for UAT is <a href="mailto:uat@maximcc.com">uat@maximcc.com</a></p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="713" ac:original-width="1498" ac:custom-width="true" ac:alt="image-20250707-165953.png" ac:width="760"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20250707-165953.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p>Any/all sandbox instances can connect to the UAT environment - just update any triggering automations such as the above from info to uat</p><p>TransUnion:</p><p>Maxim Production Has two TransUnion usernames:</p><ul><li><p>MaximsoftTU&nbsp;-&nbsp;for soft pulls</p></li><li><p>MaximTU - for hard pulls</p></li></ul><p>These are production only credentials.</p><p><strong>Sandbox is FFR</strong></p><p>Its important that you do not use production credentials in the sandbox.&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Bureau compliance looks for test cases used in Production</p></li><li><p>Each one would&nbsp;be a charge</p></li></ul><p />