# New Lead/Applicant Qualification

*Source: Confluence | Page ID: 3777495108*
*Last Updated: 2025-04-04T18:23:16.982Z by Laura Dolphin*

---

<h2>Explanation of Process &amp; Key Details</h2><p>This is the Sales process before Application Intake that reviews and qualifies new Applicants that have not come from existing Clients or as Referrals from existing Dealers/Brokers.</p><h2><strong>1. Sources of Leads/Applicants</strong></h2><p /><ul><li><p><strong>Website Submissions</strong>: Applications submitted via online forms (<a href="https://www.maximcc.com/apply-now">https://www.maximcc.com/apply-now</a>). </p><ul><li><p>These create Leads in Salesforce via a custom Formstack Integration.</p></li><li><p>This sends an email monitored by Sales &amp; Sales works from Open Leads list view. </p></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Currency Capital</strong></p><ul><li><p>These create Leads in Salesforce via integration.</p></li><li><p>No email but Sales works from Open Leads list view. </p></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>In Person/Trade Shows</strong></p><ul><li><p>Sales (Fernando) goes to events and self-generates. </p></li><li><p>Used to be done more before Covid. </p></li></ul></li></ul><h2><strong>2. Initial Review and Qualifications</strong></h2><p>Each Lead/ Application undergoes an initial review to ensure eligibility and to separate out Applicants from Dealers/Brokers. </p><h3><strong>2.1 Submitting as Application</strong></h3><ul><li><p>If Lead is Qualified Applicant, Lead Status in Salesforce is updated to &ldquo;Qualified&rdquo;.</p></li><li><p>Print screen is taken of the Lead then emailed to <a href="mailto:submit@maximcc.com">submit@maximcc.com</a> </p></li></ul><hr /><h2><strong>3. Next Steps</strong></h2><ul><li><p><strong>Application Intake (Applicants)</strong>: Intake team receive email, create Account, Contact, Opportunity, run Credit &amp; Scoring then send decision (conditional approval notice or rejection) back to Sales Person who handles the process from Documentation onwards including communicating with Client.</p></li></ul>